Title: Release Lead
Company: Dyson
Location: Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
URL: https://pl.linkedin.com/jobs/view/release-lead-at-dyson-4451649818
Posted: 2026-09-05
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role is a Release Lead in Poland, matching her release management expertise and EU location requirements with no disqualifying constraints.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn kunnioittaa yksityisyyttäsi

LinkedIn ja kolmannet osapuolet käyttävät välttämättömiä ja ei-välttämättömiä evästeitä palvelujemme tarjoamiseen, suojaamiseen, analysointiin ja parantamiseen sekä osuvien mainosten näyttämiseen sinulle (mukaan lukien ammattilais- ja työpaikkailmoitukset) LinkedInissä ja niiden ulkopuolella. Lisätietoja on evästekäytännössämme.

Hyväksy ei-välttämättömien evästeiden käyttö valitsemalla Hyväksy tai estä niiden käyttö valitsemalla Hylkää. Voit päivittää valintasi milloin tahansa asetuksista.

Hyväksy Hylkää
Hyppää pääsisältöön
LinkedIn
Työt
Poista teksti
Poista teksti
Kirjaudu sisään
Liity nyt
Release Lead
Dyson  Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
2 viikkoa sitten  76 Hakijoiden
  

Katso, kuka Dyson on palkattu tähän rooliin

Hae 
Tallenna
About Us

At Dyson, we demand the highest standard of performance from the technologies we engineer. Our people expect the same from the technology that supports them. We are a community that appreciates and advocates better engineering. A community of pioneers. 

Dyson IT are mid-transformation. Our aim, to create robust IT architecture, to manage data effectively and efficiently and continue to grow our world-class team. A team who is strategic, enabling business acceleration, growth and success.

We have end to end accountability for the design, delivery and support of all business systems enabling Dysons global commercial, operational and enterprise business process in 82 markets. The team is arranged into investment areas including Commercial & Connectivity, Retail, Supply Chain & Manufacturing, Product Development, Corporate – and many others.

About The Role

Working in a DevOps environment the Release Lead provides leadership in planning; scheduling, coordinating and approval management for all production releases in Group IT Application Services. Supporting all Dyson markets globally, they manage releases across the application, environments and quality gates e.g. Release Validation, CAB’s and technical cutover plans.

Key Accountabilities Include


Release Management
Chair delivery meetings with the Development, DevOps, QA and Environment Management resources, ensuring all changes align to planned releases.
Maintain and manage the release schedule and cadence for certain IT platforms.
Provide high level governance of release track environments to make sure ‘route to live’ is always available.
Communicate release details and schedules to the Business and 3rd parties involved.
Work with test leads, delivery leads and Project managers to align projects and planned changes with scheduled releases.
Schedule resources for live deployment activities including any 3rd parties.
Liaise with Group IT CAB members to manage release content, ensuring dependencies and priorities are clearly understood and communicated appropriately to impacted stakeholders.
Organize and host Go/No-go Meetings to make sure releases are fully signed off and can go into Production and are stable.
Conduct release-related Post Implementation Reviews where rollbacks are required or where high priority issues occured caused by planned releases.
Communicate outcomes of live deployments and implementation of new features/capabilities within IT platforms to the Business and 3rd parties involved.
Provide an on-going assessment of release performance and apply continuous improvement action as necessary across the end-to-end release lifecycle. 
Provide subject matter expertise on release management across Group IT and internal/external stakeholders



Leadership


Apply release management principles and mentor staff across Group IT to continually improve the release management capability.
Establish priorities (and lead without direct authority) to ensure the release management function will meet or exceed project and programme timescales.
Identify, influence and lead the implementation of best practice initiatives that improve on the efficiency and effectiveness of the release management function.
Provide open and honest feedback to peers and seniors that will constructively aid the achievement of release management and Group IT goals.
Maintain knowledge on current and emerging developments and influence Group IT leadership on improvements for current and future ways of working.



About You

We're looking for someone with:


Strong change and release management skills, in a continuous delivery environment.
Ability to direct release management principles that meet the quality and timescale objectives for delivery into production.
Excellent knowledge of risk management and risk mitigation.
A proven background in release management, change management or service transition.
Accredited professional e.g. iTIL or similar.



Desirable Skills


Experience using the Atlassian suite. 
Key experience required:
Proven experience of leading, coaching and mentoring people in change or release management principles.
Significant project lifecycle experience in multiple disciplines such as QA, business analysis, change management and project management.
Experience with DevOps software development methodologies.



Key Attributes


Highly creative. Able to produce creative solutions from basic concepts.
Ability to anticipate change and adapt quickly.
Strong attention to detail; ability to perform duties with a high level of accuracy.
Be able to think holistically and analytically and know when to take which approach.
Have a clearly methodical approach.
Exceptional aptitude for problem solving and follow through.
Be capable of visualising a problem context/situation, develop a number of resolution options and think them through from concept to implementation.
Strong stakeholder management skills with excellent communication skills and customer facing skills, ability to communicate complex ideas simply at all levels of the organisation.



Reward Package


Competitive starting salary: from PLN 181,300 annually (for a full-time position), with potential for a higher offer based on skills and experience
Performance bonus opportunity
Employee Capital Plan (PPK)
Employee Savings Plan (PPO)
Company-paid life insurance
Holiday allowance
Allowance for corrective glasses and contact lenses
Subsidised on-site canteen
Exclusive discount on Dyson products
Comprehensive private medical insurance
Employee Assistance Programme (EAP)
Benefits platform with Multisport card



Dyson is an equal opportunity employer. We know that great minds don’t think alike, and it takes all kinds of minds to make our technology so unique. We welcome applications from all backgrounds and employment decisions are made without regard to race, colour, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other any other dimension of diversity.


Show more 
Seniority level
Keskijohto
Työn tyyppi
Kokopäiväinen
Työtehtävä
Muu
Industries
Laitteiden, sähkölaitteiden ja elektroniikan valmistus
  

Lähetteet lisäävät mahdollisuuksiasi haastatteluun Dyson 2x

Katso, kenet tunnet

Saat ilmoituksen uusista johtava asema työpaikoista .Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland

Kirjaudu sisään luodaksesi työpaikkahälytyksen
Samankaltaiset työpaikat
Release Manager
Release Manager
Hitachi Energy
Cracow Metropolitan Area
5 päivää sitten
Test & Release Manager
Test & Release Manager
Comarch
Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 viikko sitten
APM Release Manager & Coordinator
APM Release Manager & Coordinator
GPC Global Technology Center
Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 päivä sitten
Technical Project Manager & Release Manager
Technical Project Manager & Release Manager
EY
Katowice, Śląskie, Poland
2 viikkoa sitten
APM Release Manager & Coordinator
APM Release Manager & Coordinator
Genuine Parts Company
Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 viikko sitten
IS Change and Release Manager for SAP CFIN
IS Change and Release Manager for SAP CFIN
ABB
Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
5 tuntia sitten
Show more jobs like this 
Muita katsottuja
Technical Manager
Technical Manager

Tripadvisor

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
3 viikkoa sitten
IT Product Manager (m/f/diverse)
IT Product Manager (m/f/diverse)

Lufthansa Group Business Services

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 kuukausi sitten
Site Reliability Engineering Lead
Site Reliability Engineering Lead

Peoplemore

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 kuukausi sitten
Process Rollout Manager O2C
Process Rollout Manager O2C

Vaillant Group

Katowice, Śląskie, Poland
1 kuukausi sitten
Manager, Site Reliability Engineering
Manager, Site Reliability Engineering

SolarWinds

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
18 tuntia sitten
Software Support Lead
Software Support Lead

TSMG Holding

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
3 kuukautta sitten
Senior Delivery Manager
Senior Delivery Manager

Software Mind

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
6 päivää sitten
Engineering Squad Lead (Cloud Data Platform)
Engineering Squad Lead (Cloud Data Platform)

Kingfisher plc

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
2 viikkoa sitten
Avaloq Engineering Lead
Avaloq Engineering Lead

HSBC

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
3 viikkoa sitten
Site Reliability Engineering Manager-EN
Site Reliability Engineering Manager-EN

CAE

Cracow, Małopolskie, Poland
1 viikko sitten
LinkedIn
© 2026
Tietoja
Saavutettavuus
Käyttäjäsopimus
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Evästekäytännöt
Tekijänoikeuskäytännöt
Brändikäytäntö
Vieraiden hallinta
Yhteisön ohjeet
Kieli
Kirjaudu sisään nähdäksesi, keitä tunnet jo Dyson
Kirjaudu sähköpostiosoitteella

tai

Oletko uusi LinkedIn-käyttäjä? Liity nyt

Kun liityt tai kirjaudut sisään valitsemalla Jatka, hyväksyt LinkedInin käyttäjäsopimuksen, tietosuojakäytännön ja evästekäytännön.