Title: Senior DevOps Engineer
Company: GE HealthCare
Location: Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland
URL: https://fi.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-devops-engineer-at-ge-healthcare-4466364076
Posted: vor 1 woche
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role is a senior DevOps Engineer in Finland with a focus on medical device software, matching the candidate’s experience in regulated environments and DevOps responsibilities.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn nimmt den Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre sehr ernst

LinkedIn und Drittanbieter setzen essenzielle und nicht zwingend erforderliche Cookies ein, um die LinkedIn Dienste bereitzustellen, zu schützen, zu analysieren und zu verbessern und um auf LinkedIn und außerhalb von LinkedIn relevante Anzeigen zu präsentieren (einschließlich zielgruppenspezifischer Anzeigen und Stellenanzeigen). Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer Cookie-Richtlinie.

Wählen Sie „Akzeptieren“, um dieser Nutzung zuzustimmen, oder wählen Sie „Ablehnen“, um die nicht zwingend erforderlichen Cookies abzulehnen. Sie können Ihre Auswahl jederzeit in den Einstellungen aktualisieren.

Akzeptieren Ablehnen
Weiter zum Hauptinhalt
LinkedIn
Jobs
Text löschen
Text löschen
Einloggen
Mitglied werden
Senior DevOps Engineer
GE HealthCare  Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 1 Woche  38 Bewerbungen
  

Sehen Sie, wen GE HealthCare für diese Position eingestellt hat

Bewerben 
Speichern
Ihre Eignung mit KI bewerten

Nutzen Sie KI-gestützte Empfehlungen für diesen Job und weitere exklusive Funktionen.

Bin ich für diesen Job gut geeignet?
Meinen Lebenslauf anpassen
Job Description Summary

Healthcare is developing fast in the fields of bedside monitoring, wireless, and mobile technologies. If you want to be part of the most exciting technology development today, then GE HealthCare offers you that and more. Our work is solving technical challenges for an important purpose. We develop technologies to make healthcare affordable and accessible all over the world.

We are looking for a technical expert to design, implement, and maintain our continuous integration and infrastructure for a medical device SW development pipeline. You will be expected to participate in the design, implementation, development, and operational maintenance of the system.

GE HealthCare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. Our mission is to improve lives in the moments that matter. Unlock your ambition, turn ideas into world-changing realities, and join an organization where every voice makes a difference, and every difference builds a healthier world.

Job Description

GE Healthcare Finland Oy is seeking a highly skilled and experienced DevOps Engineer to join our innovative team. This role is crucial for optimizing our software development lifecycle, ensuring the reliability, scalability, and security of our healthcare solutions, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement.

Job Responsibilities


Design, implement, and maintain build, integration, and automation platforms supporting multiple embedded software products and development programs.
Develop and enhance customized open-source automation solutions to support product-specific development, integration, and verification processes.
Support product release processes through automated build generation, validation, traceability, and compliance-oriented workflows.
Monitor system performance, troubleshoot issues, and implement proactive solutions to ensure high availability and reliability.
Collaborate closely with development, QA, and operations teams to establish best practices for software delivery and system operations.
Implement and maintain security best practices within the DevOps pipeline.
Mentor junior engineers and contribute to the growth of the DevOps team's capabilities.
Evaluate and recommend new technologies and tools to enhance our DevOps practices.


Job Qualifications


Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field; Master's degree preferred.
Solid experience in a DevOps, SRE, or similar role.
Extensive experience with CI/CD tools and methodologies.
Solid understanding and experience with infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g., Terraform, Ansible).
Maintaining and working with Linux based systems and package compilation for them(rpm)
Proficiency in scripting languages such as Python, Bash, PowerShell, Ruby.
Experience with containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, Podman) and orchestration.
Familiarity with monitoring and logging tools (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana, ELK Stack).
Strong understanding of networking concepts, security best practices, and system administration.
Strong understanding of networking concepts, security best practices, and system administration.
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to troubleshoot complex systems.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment.
Experience in the healthcare domain or regulated environments is a significant advantage.
Proficient in leveraging AI-assisted development and automation tools to improve DevOps workflows, infrastructure management, and software delivery.
Proficiency in English, both spoken and written.


Desired Qualifications


Linux system admin experience.
Networking Experience is considered as a strong plus.
Knowledge of yocto recipes and cmake, embedded systems
Knowledge of LDAP, VPN and other network security protocols and firewalls/routers
DevOps Operations background
Knowledge or Expertise in embedded software development
Hand-on HW/SW integration skills is considered an asset.


We Offer


A unique opportunity to work on leading edge health technologies and products.
Work with nice and supportive colleagues and have access to world class processes and professionals across different functions.
Possibility to influence in a diverse multicultural working environment.
An active and fun workplace community!
Competitive compensation and benefits.
Great opportunity to learn and develop various technologies.
Work with and learn from talented experts in the health technology industry – in a team with great spirit.
Build your knowledge and skills with regular technical and soft skills trainings organized on site.
Possibility to try and grow into different roles in the organization – technical and managerial.
Office near Pasila railway station in central Helsinki with own on-site parking, gym, great café and restaurant.


Inclusion and Diversity

GE HealthCare is an Equal Opportunity Employer where inclusion matters. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, g ender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Behaviors

We expect all employees to live and breathe our behaviors: to act with humility and build trust; lead with transparency; deliver with focus, and drive ownership – always with unyielding integrity.

Total Rewards

Our total rewards are designed to unlock your ambition by giving you the boost and flexibility you need to turn your ideas into world-changing realities. Our salary and benefits are everything you’d expect from an organization with global strength and scale, and you’ll be surrounded by career opportunities in a culture that fosters care, collaboration and support.

Additional Information

Relocation Assistance Provided: No
Show more 
Karrierestufe
Management
Beschäftigungsverhältnis
Vollzeit
Tätigkeitsbereich
Ingenieurwesen und IT
Branchen
Krankenhäuser und Gesundheitseinrichtungen
  

Mit einer Empfehlung lassen sich Ihre Chancen auf ein Vorstellungsgespräch bei GE HealthCare verdoppeln.

Wen kennen Sie bereits?

Lassen Sie sich über neue Jobs im Bereich DevOps-Ingenieur in Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland informieren.

Einloggen, um Jobbenachrichtigung zu erstellen
Ähnliche Jobs
Senior Software Engineer (DevOps & Platform Engineering)
Senior Software Engineer (DevOps & Platform Engineering)
DNA Oyj
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Wochen
Senior Software Engineer (DevOps & Platform Engineering)
Senior Software Engineer (DevOps & Platform Engineering)
Telenor
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Wochen
Senior DevOps Engineer - Core Platform Engineering
Senior DevOps Engineer - Core Platform Engineering
ICEYE
Espoo, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 10 Stunden
Senior Operations Engineer
Senior Operations Engineer
Skyfora
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 4 Tagen
Senior Cloud Engineer
Senior Cloud Engineer
Brawl Stars
Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 1 Monat
Senior Platform Engineer– Public 360° – Tieto Indtech (m/f/d)
Senior Platform Engineer– Public 360° – Tieto Indtech (m/f/d)
Tieto
Espoo, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 6 Tagen
Weitere ähnliche Jobs anzeigen 
Ebenfalls angesehen
Cloud Architect / Specialist
Cloud Architect / Specialist

Bradleys Digital Oy

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 6 Monaten
Senior Software Engineer - K0s Team
Senior Software Engineer - K0s Team

Mirantis

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Monaten
AI Platform Engineer (employment / freelancing)
AI Platform Engineer (employment / freelancing)

Witted

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 1 Woche
Staff Engineer – Core Developer Experience (DevEx)
Staff Engineer – Core Developer Experience (DevEx)

AlphaSense

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 3 Tagen
Senior Cloud Consultant
Senior Cloud Consultant

Aurilo

Espoo, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 4 Tagen
Staff Engineer, Internal Platform and APIs - Greenstep Espoo
Staff Engineer, Internal Platform and APIs - Greenstep Espoo

Greenstep

Espoo, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Tagen
Kokenut pilviasiantuntija
Kokenut pilviasiantuntija

Gofore

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 3 Wochen
Cloud Architect
Cloud Architect

Fellowmind

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Monaten
Koodaava pilviarkkitehti
Koodaava pilviarkkitehti

Nitor

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 1 Jahr
Pilviarkkitehti
Pilviarkkitehti

Netum

Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finnland
Vor 2 Tagen
LinkedIn
© 2026
Info
Barrierefreiheit
Nutzervereinbarung
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Cookie-Richtlinie
Copyright-Richtlinie
Markenrichtlinine
Einstellungen für Nichtmitglieder
Community-Richtlinien
Sprache
Einloggen, um zu sehen, wen Sie bei GE HealthCare bereits kennen
Mit E-Mail einloggen

oder

Neu bei LinkedIn? Mitglied werden

Wenn Sie auf „Weiter“ klicken, um Mitglied zu werden oder sich einzuloggen, stimmen Sie der Nutzervereinbarung, der Datenschutzrichtlinie und der Cookie-Richtlinie von LinkedIn zu.