Title: Configuration and Documentation Management Officer
Company: Serco Space Services - Europe Careers
Location: Noordwijk-Binnen, South Holland, Netherlands
URL: https://nl.linkedin.com/jobs/view/configuration-and-documentation-management-officer-at-serco-space-services-europe-careers-4440025822
Posted: há 2 meses
Deadline: N/A
Reason: Matches her configuration management, documentation experience; EU location fits her relocation openness.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

O LinkedIn respeita a sua privacidade

O LinkedIn e terceiros usam cookies essenciais e não essenciais para fornecer, proteger, analisar e aprimorar nossos Serviços, e para exibir anúncios relevantes (inclusive anúncios profissionais e com vaga) dentro e fora do LinkedIn. Saiba mais na nossa Política de Cookies.

Selecione Aceitar para consentir ou Rejeitar para recusar cookies não essenciais para este uso. Você pode atualizar suas opções nas suas configurações quando quiser.

Aceitar Rejeitar
Pular para conteúdo principal
LinkedIn
Vagas
Limpar texto
Limpar texto
Entrar
Cadastre-se agora
Configuration and Documentation Management Officer
Serco Space Services - Europe Careers  Noordwijk, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 2 meses   Seja um dos 25 primeiros a se candidatar
  

Veja quem a Serco Space Services - Europe Careers contratou para este cargo

Candidatar-se 
Salvar
Use a IA para avaliar a adequação do seu perfil

Receba aconselhamentos alimentados por IA sobre esta vaga e mais recursos exclusivos.

Meu perfil é adequado para esta vaga?
Personalize meu currículo
Faixa salarial fornecida pela Serco Space Services - Europe Careers

Esta faixa salarial foi fornecida pela Serco Space Services - Europe Careers. Seu salário real será baseado nas suas competências e experiência; fale com o recrutador para saber mais.

Faixa salarial base
€ 60.000,00 por ano - € 70.000,00 por ano
For more than half a century, Serco has walked alongside the pioneers of space. Serco has supported over 50 ESA missions where our teams have helped launch satellites, guide spacecraft across the void and turn data into discoveries that reshape our world.

With thousands of specialists contributing across the entire space lifecycle from satellite testing to launch services, LEOP to operations and surveillance, we’ve become a trusted force in national And European space strategies. And now, the next chapter could include you.

As part of our long-standing partnership with the European Space Agency, we are currently looking for a Configuration and Document Management Officer to join our team at ESTEC in Noordwijk, the Netherlands.

In this role, you will work at the interface between engineering, project control and quality teams, ensuring that both documentation and configuration processes are properly managed and aligned. This is a key position supporting the delivery of high-quality space projects, where accuracy, traceability and consistency of data are essential.

Responsibilities


Lead the definition and implementation of configuration and documentation management requirements, processes and plans.
Manage the full lifecycle of project documentation, including registration, distribution, updates, review and archiving.
Set up processes to allow controlled flow of information from and to industrial partners.
Ensure configuration control and traceability of technical documentation and deliverables.
Provide training to ESA, partners and industry colleagues on various configuration and documentation processes.
Support the project in ITT processes to make sure all baseline documentation is referenced and tracked correctly.
Establish processes for tracking and monitoring baseline changes, including maintaining and updating documentation such as CIDL, CSAR, CBDL.
Assist project teams in retrieving and managing technical information and documentation.
Contribute to the improvement and optimisation of document and configuration management tools and processes.
Support and coordinate project reviews in ECLIPSE, including management of review cycles, RIDs and follow-up actions.
Manage the change process for CRs and CCNs and RFDs/RFWs.
Organisation of Configuration Control Boards (CCBs) including preparation of the agenda, acting as secretary of the CCBs and follow up of all CCB decisions.
Contribute and support project audits on configuration and documentation aspects.
Ensure timely upload of all documentation.
Manage data repositories and access control to the tools in accordance with Security guidelines.


Profile


Master’s degree or equivalent qualification in a relevant field.
At least 4 years of experience in document management and/or configuration management, preferably in an engineering or space environment.
In depth mastery of configuration control, change management and technical review processes.
Knowledge of ECSS standards and ESA security processes is a strong asset.
Ability to work in an agile environment and to find solutions to streamline processes.
Experience with document management systems or PLM tools.
Strong attention to detail and ability to manage complex information with accuracy.
Excellent communication skills and ability to work with multiple stakeholders.
Experience in training others in Configuration Management principles is an asset.
Comfortable working in an international and multicultural environment.
Fluency in English; knowledge of another ESA member state language is an asset.
Ability to obtain security clearance (Security trainings and Registrar training) in line with project requirements.
Fluent in English.
Candidates must be EU nationals.


What We Offer: More than a job.

At Serco, we believe that a career should come with more than just a paycheck, it should provide support, security and a sense of balance in your life. Your salary will be paid promptly on Fridays before the 28th of each month, giving you peace of mind about your finances.

We support your daily life and commute in practical ways. If you travel to work, you can claim a travel allowance of €0.21 per kilometre for up to 150 km, or you can have your public transport fully reimbursed. For those working from home, there’s a small daily allowance of €2 to cover extra costs and new employees can be reimbursed up to €500 for a desk or chair to make their home workspace comfortable.

When your work takes you on missions or travel, all business-related expenses are fully covered and for peace of mind during tax season, our appointed advisor will assist you in completing your income tax forms. If you enjoy cycling, our bicycle scheme allows you to benefit from a tax-efficient allowance of up to €749, one year of full insurance with an additional €89 per year for accessories.

Serco also cares about your long-term security. All employees are covered under a collective life insurance scheme and our health insurance partnership with Zilverenkruis Achmea offers discounts of 5% on basic coverage and up to 10% on additional plans. Our company pension scheme, managed via Nationale Nederlanden, follows the Dutch State Pension framework, ensuring you can plan confidently for the future.

In addition, in emergency situations, you may request an advance salary payment of up to one month’s net salary at the discretion of your line manager. To support your wellbeing and daily work, we offer up to €250 reimbursement for work glasses to reduce blue light strain and provide access to Benefits & Work, offering multiple discounts for online shopping. For lifelong learning, all employees receive a 35% discount on programs at Webster University.

At Serco, our benefits are designed to make your life easier, healthier and more flexible, so you can focus on contributing to groundbreaking space missions while feeling supported every step of the way.

Relocation:

The Netherlands' central location in Europe makes it an ideal base for travel and business within the EU. Major cities are well-connected by road, rail, and air with Amsterdam Schiphol Airport one of Europe's busiest and most well-connected airports, facilitating easy international travel.

Serco offers relocation support for all EU passport holders that are planning to relocate to the Netherlands and work for Serco B.V.
Show more 
Nível de experiência
Pleno-sênior
Tipo de emprego
Tempo integral
Função
Gerenciamento e Manufatura
Setores
Construção e montagem de aeronaves para fins militares
  

As indicações dobram suas chances de conseguir uma entrevista na Serco Space Services - Europe Careers

Veja quem você conhece
Receba um alerta quando uma vaga nova for publicada.
Configurar alerta
Vagas semelhantes
Configuration Management Officer
Configuration Management Officer
Octagon Professionals International
Randstad
Há 3 semanas
Configuration & Data Manager [26165]
Configuration & Data Manager [26165]
Sopra Steria
Noordwijk, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 15 horas
Configuration and Data Management Specialist
Configuration and Data Management Specialist
Akkodis
Noordwijk aan Zee, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 20 horas
Configuration and Data Management (CADM) Lead – Space Galileo
Configuration and Data Management (CADM) Lead – Space Galileo
CGI Nederland
Roterdã, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 1 dia
Documentation Management Specialist
Documentation Management Specialist
Serco Space Services - Europe Careers
Noordwijk, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
€ 48.000 - € 54.000
Há 1 semana
Document Management Specialist
Document Management Specialist
Akkodis
Noordwijk aan Zee, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 20 horas
Exibir mais vagas como essa 
As pessoas também visualizaram
Jr. Document Controller
Jr. Document Controller

Technip Energies

Zoetermeer, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 17 horas
Technical Data Adminstrator | Cluster Wapens
Technical Data Adminstrator | Cluster Wapens

Ministerie van Defensie

Utreque, Utreque, Países Baixos
Há 1 semana
Informatiebeheer Officer / Rechtbank Amsterdam
Informatiebeheer Officer / Rechtbank Amsterdam

GO | School for Information

Amsterdam Area
Há 1 mês
Functioneel Beheerder Informatiehuishouding
Functioneel Beheerder Informatiehuishouding

Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland

Leida, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 2 semanas
Senior Medewerker Informatiebeheer
Senior Medewerker Informatiebeheer

Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland

Leida, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 3 meses
QA Documentation Specialist
QA Documentation Specialist

Oxford Global Resources

Amsterdã, Holanda do Norte, Países Baixos
€ 4.500 - € 5.000
Há 15 horas
Informatieadviseur infra- en energieprojecten
Informatieadviseur infra- en energieprojecten

Gemeente Amsterdam

Amsterdã, Holanda do Norte, Países Baixos
Há 6 dias
Assistant Document Control (m/f/d)
Assistant Document Control (m/f/d)

NOV

Etten-Leur, Brabante do Norte, Países Baixos
Há 2 semanas
Senior Information Management Advisor SRQ199037
Senior Information Management Advisor SRQ199037

ITproposal

Haia, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 9 horas
De Rijksoverheid zoekt: Kwaliteitsmedewerker
De Rijksoverheid zoekt: Kwaliteitsmedewerker

Ministerie van Financiën

Haia, Holanda do Sul, Países Baixos
Há 1 semana
Pesquisas semelhantes
Vagas de Diretor de marketing
144 vagas
Vagas de Consultor em gestão
4.119 vagas
Vagas de Controlador de documentos
3.955 vagas
Vagas de Planejador de produção
565 vagas
Vagas de DBA de SQL
8.912 vagas
Vagas de Gerente de projetos
6.693 vagas
Vagas de Gerente de programas
940 vagas
Vagas de Auditor interno
269 vagas
Vagas de Gestão de projetos
5.553 vagas
Vagas de Redator
307 vagas
Vagas de Especialista em CRM
1.416 vagas
Vagas de Auditor
7.473 vagas
Exibir mais 
Mais pesquisas 
LinkedIn
© 2026
Sobre
Acessibilidade
Contrato do Usuário
Política de Privacidade do LinkedIn
Política de Cookies
Política de Direitos Autorais
Política da Marca
Controles de visitantes
Diretrizes da Comunidade
Idioma