Title: Field Applications Engineer
Company: Silvaco Inc
Location: India
URL: https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/field-applications-engineer-at-silvaco-inc-4434892913
Posted: 2026-08-07
Deadline: Open until filled
Reason: The role requires a Master's degree or equivalent, 0-3 years of experience, and strong understanding/experience in semiconductor manufacturing, R&D, and/or integrated circuit design processes.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Join now
Sign in
Field Applications Engineer
Silvaco Inc  India
1 month ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Silvaco Inc has hired for this role

Apply
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
About Silvaco: Silvaco is a publicly traded company on the Nasdaq market under the symbol SVCO. For over three decades, Silvaco, based in Silicon Valley, California and with global locations around the world has solved semiconductor design challenges by offering affordable and competitive TCAD (Technology Computer Aided Design) software, EDA (Electronic Design Automation) software, proven design IP (intellectual property), and world class support to engineers and researchers across the globe. Silvaco solutions span from atoms to systems: starting with simulation of material behavior impacting semiconductor devices, to design and analysis of transistor circuits, and lastly providing IP blocks for systems-on-chip (SoC) designs.

Job Description

JOB SUMMARY

Uses technical knowledge of Silvaco product offerings and basic understanding of the customers’ technical workflow and objectives to advise customers in their simulation efforts and address their technical obstacles. In so doing, they work as a partner to the sales teams to understand technical values and tradeoffs to our solutions as perceived by the customer and help determine account strategy for continued growth.

Works closely with key customers to gain insight into their technical roadmaps and immediate challenges to recommend the best matching solution Silvaco can offer. Understand customers’ success criteria and jointly implement evaluation plans to demonstrate and validate Silvaco’s solution. Collaborate and provide input to sales plans and proposals for accuracy, completeness, and enhance Silvaco’s technical differentiation. Drafts technical collateral that helps people better understand the technology and differentiation of Silvaco solutions.

Provides training and instructions to customers to reduce their friction in adopting and using Silvaco tools while gaining additional understanding of the customers’ application. Collaborates with customers’ implementation teams to troubleshoot problems, develop solutions, and propose additional features, modules, and/or products based on customers’ requirements.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES; include but not limited to:


Working with users of Silvaco tools to
Capture and isolate potential technical issues and suggest workarounds or alternate approaches to relieve the problem and/or raise the issues to business unit as bug reports.
Understanding customer workflow and representing user-defined needs and feedback into business units
Optimizing customers’ experience with Silvaco tools by promoting configuration improvements and/or incorporating new features and capabilities
Working with applicable customer departments and functions to assure Silvaco products are properly installed and help validate the installations.
Making technical presentations for products, use cases and support status update to customers. Supporting sales effort by articulating technical value propositions, as well as demonstrating prototypes and product features
Generating ideas for configuration and workflow improvements based on obstacles customers face in their work.
Documenting evaluation plans and customer support cases in SalesForce CRM.
Keeping up with advancements in key applications and workflow implementation


Qualifications


Master's Degree or equivalent in Electrical Engineering, Microelectronics Engineering, Solid State Physics, or semiconductor related academic program
0-3 years of industry experience
Must have demonstrated understanding/experience in Semiconductor manufacturing, R&D, and/or integrated circuit design processes
Must have demonstration of design, modeling, and/or simulation tool usage as part of academic coursework, applied research, and/or industry work experience
Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Intellectually inquisitive with creative problem-solving skills
Persistence in tracking complex problems and projects with minimal oversight
The ability to prioritize activities and deliver projects on time and within budget
Experience in semiconductor industry preferred.
Experience in international and remote team building preferred.


Preferred requirements:


Experience in remote work team environment preferred.
Application-specific experience
Understanding of Silicon Technology including front end of line processing steps as well as electrical characterization of active semiconductor devices.
Experience in one or more of the following areas
CMOS Image Sensor or photodiode manufacturing, device operation including TCAD process and device simulation
Experience in RF technology manufacturing, device operation including TCAD process and device simulation
BCD technology manufacturing, device operation including TCAD process and device simulation
Experience in TCAD calibration and Design of Experiments to measured data
Tool category experience
Commercial TCAD tools (Silvaco or 3rd party)
Statistical tools and methods (e.g. JMP, minitab, etc)
Python scripting


Physical Requirements


Prolonged periods of sitting.
Prolonged periods of typing
Clarity of vision at approximately 20 inches or less (i.e., working with small objects or reading small print), including use of computers.


Additional Information

All Silvaco salary ranges are determined by role, level, and geographic location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.

Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Job function
Production, Distribution, and Engineering
Industries
Software Development and IT Services and IT Consulting
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Silvaco Inc by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Field Application Engineer jobs in India.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Staff Application Engineer jobs
Field Applications Engineer
Similar jobs
Field Engineer I
Field Engineer I
Astreya
India
1 week ago
(Senior) Field Application Engineer - India
(Senior) Field Application Engineer - India
Axelera AI
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
3 days ago
(Senior) Field Application Engineer - India
(Senior) Field Application Engineer - India
Axelera AI
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
3 days ago
Field Service Application Engineer
Field Service Application Engineer
Agilent Technologies
Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
1 month ago
Field Application Engineer
Field Application Engineer
nVent
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
2 weeks ago
Field Application Engineer- Aerospace & Defense
Field Application Engineer- Aerospace & Defense
Emerson
Hyderabad, Telangana, India
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Online Field Applications Engineer
Online Field Applications Engineer

Renesas Electronics

Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
5 days ago
Application Engineer
Application Engineer

questW

Bangalore Urban, Karnataka, India
3 weeks ago
Senior Field Applications Engineer
Senior Field Applications Engineer

NVIDIA

Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
2 days ago
Senior Application Engineer
Senior Application Engineer

Caterpillar Inc.

Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India
3 days ago
Field Application Engineer
Field Application Engineer

Evolute Group

Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
8 months ago
Field Applications Engineer
Field Applications Engineer

Prislight Sdn Bhd

New Delhi, Delhi, India
1 month ago
Field Applications Engineer - India
Field Applications Engineer - India

Real Intent

Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India
4 months ago
Sr. Field Applications Engineer
Sr. Field Applications Engineer

Baya Systems

Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
3 weeks ago
Data Center Infrastructure Specialist
Data Center Infrastructure Specialist

NVIDIA

India
4 days ago
Field Applications Engineer- RF specialist
Field Applications Engineer- RF specialist

Arrow Electronics

Bengaluru East, Karnataka, India
8 months ago
Similar Searches
Staff Application Engineer jobs
297 open jobs
Corporate Application Engineer jobs
74 open jobs
Technical Sales Coordinator jobs
13 open jobs
Field Sales Engineer jobs
8,219 open jobs
Industrial Sales Engineer jobs
66 open jobs
Embedded Software Consultant jobs
7,796 open jobs
Field System Engineer jobs
1,331 open jobs
Interactive Developer jobs
1,964 open jobs
Network Sales Engineer jobs
674 open jobs
Senior Telecommunications Engineer jobs
990 open jobs
Principal Hardware Engineer jobs
67 open jobs
Analog Designer jobs
150 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Silvaco Inc
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.